I imagine you've seen it I know that
salva m I was going to comment on the subject today I do
n't know what they
said come on see Come on, I wasn't there, I wasn't there
the coves a little improvised
but it's opinion more than information it's valid
for
you also with the subject of abuse and
sexual harassment okay because you got to
the places alone without eating and without
putting your ass on the line that's complicated let's see let's see let's see let's see I'm staying let's develop this a little if you like I mean what do you mean exactly it's difficult to get to the top without going through the hoops very complicated in the world of
television if I were gay for example I
would already be making movies in
Hollywood but I'm telling you clearly
[ __ ] because this isn't talked about much
contrary p pum pum how much do you want to
charge come on mine perfect This is going to be
well your first such you're going to be the
supporting actor such But and your ass how is it
Ah no there's no ass Then I'm sorry I did
n't give anything in return for nothing I have come
across that on television well there
are more than one person who we believe
is there on their own merits is there for
what they are and the  80% of the people we
admire in television, actors and many
people you admire have all gone through
the hoops, but I haven't worked double
or triple what I could have
because I'm not gay, in this
case, once they
told me, hey, look, here you go, set your
own salary, what salary do you want? Look,
there you see it, it's all blank so
you can set the salary you want
weekly. Yeah, you're going to be a
supporting actor in this series,
V, everything's perfect, but when I went to sign,
they told me, but one thing, what are you going to
give me in return? And I was like, do you want me to give
you DEA in return? All of me, all of my
talent, all of my attitude, all of my desire,
all of my gratitude is going to go towards
this project. No, no, no, I already know that, you
're going to do well and that you're going to do
all of that, I know. I'm telling you
what are you going to give me in return, [ __ ]?
But that, [ __ ], I don't
understand you, I told him, yes, you are
understanding me, he said, you're very smart and you
are understanding me, that's why you're here, and
I, no, I'm not understanding you. I was,
yes, I was finding out, the movie
was trying to  He made it clear to me, I
say, I don't believe it, so he
told me the following, I said, Hey, look, let's do
one thing, I say, since I don't
understand you, let's leave it here, I say, You,
if you need me for any job,
a little more normal and such, Tell me, but
since I don't understand, I'm not going to sign something
that I don't understand So we better
let it go and you know what he told me
better because I like you So much that I'd
rather be your friend than ruin your
life, I can't believe it, so I
tell myself, okay, I speak, speak Look,
eh, Let's see where I start, let's watch this
clip, it has several things to
analyze, I haven't seen several tiktokers,
tiktokers, social network that I hate, eh, But
well, I've seen it, eh, that some are already
talking about homophobia, I don't see homophobia
on Abraham's part at any time.
In this clip, I explain myself, making an
allusion, he says that if he had been gay,
eh, he would have had a much better
chance of succeeding there, the only thing he
's explaining, brano, what I
understand is that obviously the majority
of the senior officials were men and I
was either homosexual or had fantasies with
men end that's the only thing I'm
seeing if I see homophobia or I would say it
but I don't see homophobia
anywhere it has nothing to do with
homophobia if you see the amount of
viral clips from kids who see the hom but
come on and on Twitter I saw it today that's what I
say but we already have very thin skin
I really can't understand it well
leaving that aside leaving this aside I
believe 90% because of what Abraham says with
nuances with nuances that I think he has
come a little bit over the top as if he
were eh had been the star because
this same similar testimony I don't know if you
remember it Rafa Mora had it I don't know if it
was in a deluxe in a salvam in a
light box in exas it was very very similar
and with the same outcome and and as if giving
the negative there are some images of Abraham
in an interview with Bequia with Javi
Deyos and with another companion in a
pool from 10 years ago more or less in
which he talked about what he had I think
that allusion is being made here to
José Luis Moreno In my opinion among
others but
very clearly no no  but there are many more
people it's not just Jose Moreno there are
many more people those images are I
think they are on Twitter he says the ones from
Bequia he said he said 10 years ago he
says no I know me with José Luis with uncle
José Luis who is also uh I mean José
Luis Ah the ones from Bequia from Javi Hoyo from
Javi de Hoyo I have it I have it let's see it now let's see it
now Ah
let's see it now okay mu Okay well let's
comment This then I do
believe that well it's a classic that we have
always Always people have
talked about what you did to get
there Not always a little more
focused on women which is disgusting that
comment but both in men and
women it is true that in some there have
been actresses actors
people from the world of acting
people from the world of television that
many times we watch it from
home people sometimes do not understand
especially in the past how there are
people who are there no uh we talked about
specific people eh There are people who have
recognized that at their time they have held
certain jobs have done certain things
there are people who yes that  he has
obviously recognized that it was present there
in both men and women because it has been
present I don't know why it
shocks us so much This video of Abraham
doesn't surprise me the same thing is that what was spoken
with such naturalness that I don't know
why it doesn't surprise so much it is something that has
always been present the subject yes it
is true that Abram left Gandia
sh which was a program that at the time
was very successful then he did
reality shows he did his collaborations and such
with José Luis Mor with José Luis Moreno he
did some sketch some specific thing
but series participated in series participated
in series but not either I mean I want to
tell you it hasn't been how I explain it to you but
dolores dolores doesn't believe it eh what
Abraham is saying dolores no no
dolores doesn't believe it then dolores let's
see dolores is the voice of wisdom
yes dolores doesn't believe it let's see I think
that a little I think that what he is
saying is true but of course what
grates on me not that he exaggerates it will be true
But I do believe that there are people who are
there because of their own talent or because they move
numbers or because the production company
and the networks are interested evidently of course
Not all of them are because it is cuón with  people no no
but no no no because they sleep together like
people But then there's also the
issue of contacts family of flirting that's
what prevails the most because I've
seen it I mean no And yes I've seen it in a
much shorter time [ __ ] I talk
to a lot more people in the profession
we know how this works knowing how to
behave or knowing how to row in favor of
what is needed at that moment
being free doesn't have a place before yes I
think years ago Yes now no eh
always rowing in favor of Getting along
with him Spending time and energy
going out to party or going out to eat with eh
that's how it works I mean the contact
flirting it's just like that I'm not
telling you to sleep with or no I'm not going to go
that I think it was more before now I do
n't know how it works I don't
think if it still exists or the same
in the world of acting I don't know I don't
know what kind of things they do no there I don't
know I know there are parties I know that they
move there that many things are closed at
parties And such But I don't know the the the
background or  or such but
meritocracy itself has less and less
presence Talent has
less and less room and right now it doesn't matter
both in programs many times as in
series eh There are great actors with great
talent And then we see the typical
mediocre ones that always repeat and we
know in the same series in the
same movies with the same director
because they have a good relationship and we see
Menabar is an example and we see two or
three that are the same over and over again
every month a new movie another one repeats
repeats and tires I mean it's like in
television programs the same same
producer same faces that makes you a
nine it doesn't matter it's that I'm not going to move you
from there why Because you know a lot about
so-and-so from above because for 25 years here
you saw how so-and-so did this this
little thing with so-and-so And the way it works
And it's a reality so the
sooner you understand it to me two years
ago I was filled with rage I used to
say a lot to my mother my grandmother I say
it's how angry what about that such and such and
not being able to do anything I try such and I
bring this this and  it's not worth it And even if so-and-so does
nothing and is the way he is, you ca
n't fight, you can't, no,
because it doesn't depend on you, it's not
your personal experience, it's what it is and either you adapt and And you
go through the motions, not this kind of
motion, either you're free and you pay the price or
you reinvent yourself, that's what it is so I understand, I
understand
perfectly Abraham I don't know what he would do back
in the day and what I don't, I don't know if he would
agree he says that it doesn't seem
perfect to me and that he would have done what he would have done
but but come on j Luis
Moreno vatela who by the way I don't know how
handsome How handsome he was eh this guy He
really was I was going to tell you you
took it from me I'm more handsome than you eh he was He was very handsome I do
n't know what the hell he did and
why he did that but he was He was very handsome s
but he's a Ken, I mean a beautiful Ken
let's listen see what he said
here this is
good And Javi eh Jai what series would you
like Abraham let's go signing
since honestly man you know
look that neighbor would be a very
strong point no but oh well  the truth is that good there are so
many that are there so many Cab
Sure sure there are many people who
fight not for that to everyone We would
like But well in the end what are they not
some little role that another I have played although they
are not very important but I have played them I was
in the Christmas Eve and New Year's Eve galas
of José Luis Moreno I have done
some sketches I was also in the
red shadow doing some sketches and Well the
truth is that well José Luis gave me an
opportunity and and he knows that he can
count on me for whatever I hope that
one day uncle José Luis will
give me some little role there well José
Luis please José Hey while you
for example speak very well of José Luis
yes there are people who do not speak
even when For example I remember
you went out on the red carpet I suppose that
a criticism that you would like to respond to
the users who said was he will be one of
those guys that their rumored about
José Luis Moreno of that
supposedly shady world that some
people talk about what do you really see for nothing
sincerely I tell the truth for me he has
been a man who has behaved very
well with me eh he has been the first
person that has  confident and in me to
do a topic of more than
interpretation not doing the sketches
also doing copres
presenter in the galas and the truth is
that with me he has never ever had an
ugly detail it is clear that when he is
involved in the world of atel and more You are a
character as powerful as José Luis
Moreno is there are always all kinds of criticisms
eh everything you do it is like it is more
Oh it is much more serious they make everything bigger to
be well as I have told you to be
such an important person in this world there are
always people who hurt you there are people
who are going to try to hurt you out of envy or
call it whatever you want but the truth is
that with me he has behaved very well
never had an ugly detail and I am
super delighted and when he needs me
and I know it you hate reading those
comments for nothing because I am a
person who on the contrary I like because I
laugh you know I mean I with my conscience
is clear I know what I have done and
the people who love me and who are
always by my side know how I am they know
what I do and what I stop doing
then what the rest  of the world, it
's clear that you always care a
little, but when it's a lie, the truth is that
for me it goes in one ear and
out the
other. How curious, no, what about Tito José
Luis, let's see, without a titu, let's see,
let's not be cynical José Luis
Moreno hired him because he was handsome, finally, finally, there
's no other reason why he hired him
for those sketches, finally, talent, he wasn't a
handsome guy, he's very good on camera, very
good for a reality show, finally, everyone has
the role they have in life. I'm not going to
be a model. How he's changed, eh, I mean, he
went to How he's changed, eh, it was a
show, that's what long hair doesn't, it does
n't suit him at all, to my taste,
eh, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, no no, but it's that I don't know,
even his
face, his nose, he's changed, his body
doesn't take care of it anymore, I mean, I don't know
why some better ones won the
survivor award, no, he won survivors, they did
n't kick him out very quickly, no, Star, no, but
survivor yes, it is the big prize
and [ __ ], no, I don't think it was because of an
economic issue, that many times the
physical  It is attributed to the economic
well it has gone a bit wrong The
kid and now all of a sudden I think he
is also attracting a bit of
attention maybe with those kinds of
headlines let's see it could be but I have
seen it he has done it in a way as if it were
as natural as the subject came up that I do
n't know to what extent it could be but
I think what is it worth to him right now he says he has a
place in a nor that we were no I don't
know I don't know it's true Hey We have reached the
objective Marina what do we do before
continuing do you want me you have told me 5
minutes No We have reached the objective We have
arrived people want want to
know about me I don't know what they want to know that they don't
know But well of course let's see let's
see Javi but I don't know if you are ready
for this round but if you are not
ready you are going to improvise it
Hey Dolores can ask a question
Dolores can
ask a question but and people
can Dolores not made me a member no no
Dolores we deserve that you become a
member with how much we love you here
already What is the name of the village where you are
Marina says
Clara of course maybe s it's not
too much No man let's see I don't know if I
can say it it's that I can't  see the chat
then I don't know if I can say it or not
well it is as it is eh Let's see so that
people can find it Well I don't know if it is 20
minutes from Vill Viosa in Asturias that is to
say half an hour from Gijón, well that I have
moved away a lot no But why do they
want to come see me look another another another
beautiful friendship that they can make of
Teresa to the seo okay Hello the ear does not
enter through another place well Dolores is
hers